Update WordPress plugin docs for WP v4 (#8887)
auth0/docs: articles/cms/wordpress/configuration.md

:::

## Auth0 configuration

Your [Auth0 tenant](/getting-started/the-basics#account-and-tenants) must be configured to accept login requests from your WordPress site and source user identities from at least one [Connection](/identityproviders), whether that's an Auth0 database, a social connection, or a business directory.

### Application setup

1. First, we need an Application for your WordPress site:

  - **If you're troubleshooting the Setup Wizard**, navigate to the [Applications](${manage_url}/#/applications) screen and look for an Application that is similar to your WordPress site name. If you don't find one, it means that an Application was not created by the Wizard. Restart the Setup Wizard in WordPress or follow the step just below to create an Application manually.
  - **If you're configuring manually**, navigate to the [Applications](${manage_url}/#/applications) screen and click **Create Application**. Enter a name for the Application, select **Regular Web Applications**, and click **Create**.

    ![Auth0 Applications in the Management Dashboard](/media/articles/cms/wordpress/application-listing.png)

> 2. Click on the on the **Settings** tab for the Application. You will see your Domain, Client ID, and Client Secret, which are used in **wp-admin > Auth0 > Settings** to connect to Auth0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on the **Settings** tab for the Application. You will see your Domain, Client ID, and Client Secret, which are used in **wp-admin > Auth0 > Settings** to connect to Auth0.
```

4. Scroll down to **Allowed Callback URLs** and provide the WordPress site URL with `?auth0=1` appended:

```
https://your-wordpress-domain.com/index.php?auth0=1
```

::: warning

> The Callback URL here **must not** be cached, or you might see an "Invalid state" error during login. Please see our [troubleshooting steps for this error](/cms/wordpress/invalid-state#cached-callback-urls) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Callback URL here **must not** be cached, or you might see an "Invalid state" error during login. Please see [these troubleshooting steps](/cms/wordpress/invalid-state#cached-callback-urls) for more information.
```
